Add codespell as a linter (#12097)
rapidsai/cudf: CONTRIBUTING.md

You can skip these checks with `git commit --no-verify` or with the short version `git commit -n`.

cuDF also uses [codespell](https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell) to find spelling
mistakes, and this check is run as part of the pre-commit hook. To apply the suggested spelling

> fixes, you can run  `codespell -i 3 -w .` from the commandline in the cuDF root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fixes, you can run  `codespell -i 3 -w .` from the command-line in the cuDF root directory.
```
I've not seen command-line as one word before.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface
